{
  "Prompt ảnh tham chiếu": "Read and analyze the entire following story content: \"Two little animated ducklings, a vivid yellow with orange bills and feet and tiny red crests, stand on lush green grass next to a calm blue pond that shimmers with soft ripples. Behind them a whimsical red barn topped with a blue roof peeks into view, flanked by full green trees and tall, gently swaying grass beneath a clear azure sky. One duckling idly scratches its head with a wing; then both lift and flap their wings together in an energetic, synchronized burst. For a moment another duckling appears briefly behind them. The camera holds a medium eye-level shot, panning a touch to follow their small motions. A cheerful, upbeat children’s tune sung by a female vocalist plays steadily in the background.  \n\nThey waddle down to the water’s edge and slip into the pond with a graceful splash, swimming forward while their orange webbed feet can be seen paddling just beneath the surface. The view pulls back slightly to a wider shot, revealing a picture-postcard farm: rolling green hills, more cartoon-style trees with rounded tops, a rustic wooden fence and big yellow hay bales dotting the distance. A single pink lily pad floats quietly on the water. The ducklings swim across the frame; one then scrambles up onto the grassy bank, giving a vigorous shake and flapping its wings to shed the water. The second follows quickly, emerging and shaking its feathers the same way. The camera pans to keep pace with them.  \n\nAfter drying off, the two confidently slip back into the pond, crossing from right to left and then turning to face the camera again, their movements playful and neatly synchronized. The song’s Vietnamese lyrics continue to play: Hai con vịt xòe ra hai cái cánh. Nó kêu rằng quác quác quác, quác quác quác. Gặp hồ nước, nó bì bõm bì bõm. Lúc lên bờ vẫy cái cánh.\".\n\nIdentify every character appearing in the story, then generate a single unified cinematic character lineup reference sheet containing all characters standing together in one frame.\n\nRequirements:\n\nEvery character must have a unique and visually distinctive appearance consistent with the story description.\nIf a character’s appearance is not clearly described, intelligently infer a suitable design based on the story context, personality, role, era, and environment.\nAll characters must maintain consistent visual style, proportions, rendering quality, and design language.\nFull body visible for every character from head to toe.\nNo cropped limbs, no cut off feet, no missing hands.\nCharacters standing side by side in a clean symmetrical lineup composition.\nEqual spacing between characters.\nNo overlapping characters.\nFront-facing pose.\nEye-level camera.\nOrthographic character sheet feel mixed with cinematic realism.\nHigh character readability.\nConsistent proportions and scale between all characters.\nSame rendering style, same material quality, same lighting setup.\nStudio soft lighting with realistic cinematic lighting and shadows.\nNeutral studio background or simple minimal background.\nEach character must have their name clearly displayed beneath them.\nHighly optimized for AI image generation and video character consistency.\nUltra detailed skin texture, fabric texture, facial features, accessories, hairstyle, and clothing details.\nSharp focus, realistic depth, cinematic atmosphere.\nMovie-quality character design.\n8K ultra detailed.\n\nImage Style: Hyper Realistic (Chân thực 100%)\n\nStyle Keywords:\ncinematic character lineup, full body, character reference sheet, multiple characters standing side by side, consistent character design, symmetrical lineup composition, equal spacing between characters, front facing pose, eye-level camera, orthographic character sheet feel, same rendering style, ultra detailed, realistic lighting, studio soft lighting, movie character design, sharp focus, cinematic realism, high character readability, consistent proportions, no overlapping characters, entire body visible, 8k\n\nNegative Prompt:\n\ncropped body, cut off feet, cut off hands, missing limbs, extra limbs, extra fingers, fused fingers, duplicated character, overlapping characters, merged bodies, bad anatomy, distorted proportions, inconsistent proportions, inconsistent style, different art styles, blurry face, blurry details, low detail, low quality, pixelated, deformed body, malformed hands, floating limbs, asymmetrical eyes, messy composition, incorrect spacing, wrong scale, tilted camera, side pose, back pose, incomplete body, out of frame, poorly drawn face, poorly drawn hands, duplicate accessories, unrealistic lighting, oversaturated, noisy image, watermark, text artifacts, background clutter, motion blur, mutated anatomy, broken limbs, warped face, cartoonish distortion, random objects, disconnected body parts",
  "phong_cach": "Hyper Realistic (Chân thực 100%)",
  "ngon_ngu": "us English",
  "mo_ta_them": "MỘt con vịt",
  "Clone Content": "Two little animated ducklings, a vivid yellow with orange bills and feet and tiny red crests, stand on lush green grass next to a calm blue pond that shimmers with soft ripples. Behind them a whimsical red barn topped with a blue roof peeks into view, flanked by full green trees and tall, gently swaying grass beneath a clear azure sky. One duckling idly scratches its head with a wing; then both lift and flap their wings together in an energetic, synchronized burst. For a moment another duckling appears briefly behind them. The camera holds a medium eye-level shot, panning a touch to follow their small motions. A cheerful, upbeat children’s tune sung by a female vocalist plays steadily in the background.  \n\nThey waddle down to the water’s edge and slip into the pond with a graceful splash, swimming forward while their orange webbed feet can be seen paddling just beneath the surface. The view pulls back slightly to a wider shot, revealing a picture-postcard farm: rolling green hills, more cartoon-style trees with rounded tops, a rustic wooden fence and big yellow hay bales dotting the distance. A single pink lily pad floats quietly on the water. The ducklings swim across the frame; one then scrambles up onto the grassy bank, giving a vigorous shake and flapping its wings to shed the water. The second follows quickly, emerging and shaking its feathers the same way. The camera pans to keep pace with them.  \n\nAfter drying off, the two confidently slip back into the pond, crossing from right to left and then turning to face the camera again, their movements playful and neatly synchronized. The song’s Vietnamese lyrics continue to play: Hai con vịt xòe ra hai cái cánh. Nó kêu rằng quác quác quác, quác quác quác. Gặp hồ nước, nó bì bõm bì bõm. Lúc lên bờ vẫy cái cánh.",
  "Clone %": "50% - Copy một nửa",
  "giong_nhan_vat": "",
  "so_canh": "5"
}